Feature/SambaNova modelzoo examples (#469)
argonne-lcf/user-guides: docs/ai-testbed/sambanova/example-modelzoo-programs.md

The procedures in this section are drawn from [Walkthrough—​Inference and Fine-tuning with Llama2 7B for Chat](https://github.com/sambanova/modelzoo/blob/main/examples/nlp/README.adoc). 
The Model Zoo inference sample used as an example in this section is described in more detail here [About the Generation Example Apps](https://github.com/sambanova/modelzoo/tree/main/examples/nlp/text_generation). This readme (on github) also describes the changes made to a cpu mode sample to run on an RDU.

> The original python scripts and scripts converted to run on an RDU are also supplied in the modelzoo.<br>

Author: I don't want that section to have extra whitespace, so I used double spaces at the end of the lines instead.

Clone the repo in your usual location. 
```
mkdir ~/sambanova
cd ~/sambanova
git clone https://github.com/sambanova/modelzoo.git
```
Note: your home directory is mounted by default in the singularity containers.

### Starting a container:

> Change directory to your modelzoo clone, and set an environment variable to be  host sambanova runts version, then start the container. This example binds a directory containing an openwebtext dataset. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change directory to your Model Zoo clone, and set an environment variable to be host SambaNova runts version, then start the container. This example binds a directory containing an OpenWebText dataset. 
```

did you mean to change "runtime" to "runts"?
